Components/List of components.md, before:

# List of Components
This list details all of the components used in the making of the bot
## Servos and/or Motors
1. **SG90 Servo**
   - For a FreeCAD 3d model see the "Component - SG90 Servo.FCStd" file
   - Note SG90 dimensions can vary by a few millimeters from make to make, so please check your dimensions before using this model
## 3D Printed Parts
1. **Shoulder Servo Cog**
   - See the FreeCad 3d model "3DP - Shoulder Servo Cog.FCStd"
   - This cog attaches to the servo that rotates the arm between downward and upward positions.
   - 16 Teeth with a module of 1.38.
   - Will be matched with a cog attached to the arm
2. **Shoulder Gear and Pivot**
   - See the FreeCad 3d model "3DP - Shoulder Gear and Pivot.FCStd"
   - This cog is on the inside of the arm mechanism and provides a part of the pivot the arm rotates on.
   - Pairs with *Outer Shoulder and Pivot*
3. **Outer Shoulder and Pivot**
   - See the FreeCad 3d model "3DP - Outer Shoulder and Pivot.FCStd"
   - This is the outer pivot element of the shoulder pivot
   - Pairs with *Shoulder Gear and Pivot*

Commit message:

Update List of components.md
Added more components and quantities

Components/List of components.md, after:

# List of Components
This list details all of the components used in the making of the bot. Note this list is in constant development and as a result is incomplete, so quantities and specs may change over time.
## Servos and/or Motors
1. **SG90 Servo (x2)**
   - For a FreeCAD 3d model see the "Component - SG90 Servo.FCStd" file
   - Note SG90 dimensions can vary by a few millimeters from make to make, so please check your dimensions before using this model
## Standard Components
1. **Bearing - 6mm x 10mm x 3mm (x2)**
   - For a FreeCAD 3d model see the "Component - 6mm x 10mm x 3mm.FCStd" file
## 3D Printed Parts
1. **Shoulder Servo Cog (x2)**
   - See the FreeCad 3d model "3DP - Shoulder Servo Cog.FCStd"
   - This cog attaches to the servo that rotates the arm between downward and upward positions.
   - 16 Teeth with a module of 1.38.
   - Will be matched with a cog attached to the arm
2. **Shoulder Gear and Pivot (x2)**
   - See the FreeCad 3d model "3DP - Shoulder Gear and Pivot.FCStd"
   - This cog is on the inside of the arm mechanism and provides a part of the pivot the arm rotates on.
   - Pairs with *Outer Shoulder and Pivot*
3. **Outer Shoulder and Pivot (x2)**
   - See the FreeCad 3d model "3DP - Outer Shoulder and Pivot.FCStd"
   - This is the outer pivot element of the shoulder pivot
   - Pairs with *Shoulder Gear and Pivot*
